applications: nrf_desktop: Remove dfu_slot_id function from dfu module (#13039)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

nRF Desktop
-----------

* Updated:

> * :ref:`nrf_desktop_dfu` uses :ref:`partition_manager` definitions to determine currently booted image slot in build time.
>   The other image slot is used to store application update image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * The :ref:`nrf_desktop_dfu` uses :ref:`partition_manager` definitions to determine currently booted image slot in build time.
    The other image slot is used to store an application update image.
```

> * Updated:
> 
>   * The :ref:`nrf_desktop_dfu` uses :ref:`partition_manager` definitions to determine currently booted image slot in build time.
>     The other image slot is used to store an application update image.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Updated the :ref:`nrf_desktop_dfu` to use :ref:`partition_manager` definitions for determining currently booted image slot in build time.
  The other image slot is used to store an application update image.
```
